Oh no.
What not?
This is an IOU for you.
I won't default on my debt.
Don't worry, Mr. Hao.
Actually, I believe in you.
Thank you just now
Excuse me Mr. Huang
We should be ready to go for today's stone gambling convention
Stone gambling convention
I was hoping for this conference
The company turned over
Perspective wins the stone bet, isn't it a hang up?
Oh, I want to go.
What's your trouble?
Why do you feel weird?
No, it's just eye pain.
May have needle holes
Sure enough, you can't see through after wearing it.
Mr. Wang, I just escaped from Yunnan
High quality rough stone
Just in time for you to come
There must be good luck in here
This boss is so treacherous
Where did you come from, stinky security guard?
Roll roll roll
Don't stick your enabler to me
This is Xu Xutao who came with me